# Polypill updates
- Not a lot of impact of the intervention.
- Changes were made to more people end up on polypill intervention and it's more effective
	- Basically adherence remains the same, but now people actually move up the ramp due to polypill as well.

Rajan is concerned that this is such a big change. Is this really how doctors use polypill?
- During a discussion w/ Greg, the RT went back to the paper they were referencing and found that the big difference of polypill is that is got people up to a higher level of medication faster (as well as more adherence).
- Should we do the two things separately (adherence + medication level)
	- Abie suggested designing it so that it's modular. Rajan pointed out that's basically different scenarios that we just turn on/off.

- [ ] Review Syl's PR

# BMI issues
- Syl is still workign on it w/ Ally
- Current hypothesis - too many young poeple w/ very high BMI with very high incidence rates which messes up the already-small group of young people who get heart attacks

# Treatment initialization
- They will need to change medication initialization methods. Need to go back to the regression model and figure out why it's giving too many people treatment.
- Might also need to change the on time step treatment algorithm.

# Heart failure
- [ ] One of the cause model arrows are mislabeled - P -> HF_IHD should be 3 (not 4)
- Some issues with rate equations:
	- Rate 1: AMI
		- S1 - AMI, P - AMI, HF_IHD - AMI
		- [ ] Denominator should include prevalence_HF_Resi, ie incidence_M24694 / [1 - (prevalcene_AMI + prevalence_HF_Resid)]
	- Rate 2: looks good
	- Rate 3: HF due to IHD
		- S1 - HF_IHD, P - HF_IHD
		- [ ] Denominator should include prevalence_HF_Resid
	- Rate 4: residual HF
		- S1 - HF_Resid
		- [ ] should use (1 - propHF_IHD) (instead of propHF_RESID)
		- [ ] ❓Denominator should include prevalences of AMI and HF from IHD (I think)?

#cvd #polypill #bmi #treatment #heartfailure 