- They may want us to have people quit their meds.
    - This mimics people that are no longer prescribed.
    - Maybe they have side effects or other issues and they basically tell their doctor they'r enot taking them.
    - :question: Does this make a person ineligible for future medications?
- Sbp meds is showing we're slightly over-medicating - so we need to make people stop
- Ldlc meds is not validating at all.
    - Syl thinks it's not an implementation bug but rather it's working as written in the docs
    - Problem 1: medications themselves - we are initializing too many young/healthy people on meds
        - We medicated fewer people over time which doesn't make sense.
        - Syl's theory: 
            - we are initializing people wrong. Why is the ldl coefficient negative?
            - The higher medication categories seem to be collecting people too quickly; maybe b/c we don't check ASCVD for moving up the ramp? 
    - Problem 2: ldl exposure
        - Younger ages increases over time, older decreases over time
        - Even early in the sim (2023), exposure is way less than gbd's values
- Initizliation problem: we are initializing the correct number of people,, just the wrong people
    - We are basically not initializing enough people with high ldl. 
    - According to guidelings, if you are young/healthy and at low risk, you can have high ldl (<3.0). But if you're at a higher risk, you will be put on meds at a lower ldl (>1.8).

Rajan recommends investigating the medication intialization equestions.

#cvd #treatment 